how's it going everyone this is rap sack
and this is Oriole here and we r HD gw2
bringing you the latest gear Wars
content on the interwebs so today we
just wanted to go ahead and do a quick
video and and take a step into the trap
and attribute systems of guild wars 2
now before we do start we just want to
let you guys know that because it isn't
actually a bait event beta event running
at the moment we aren't able to show you
the trade system in game instead what
we'll be doing is showing you guys a few
web sources will drop a link for these
in the in the description so you can
check it out for yourselves first of all
we just give you guys a quick comparison
between systems of guild wars one versus
the system of guild wars 2 alright so
I'm not sure how many you guys actually
played Gil was one I know I did perhaps
a little bit too much but just to give
you guys a refresher in guild wars won
the attributes boosted the effectiveness
of your skills passively so every class
had a few attributes and putting points
into these will give you a passive
increase to your skills that are related
to that attribute so basically you put
some points in you're going to get a
little bit more damage you're going to
get a little bit more healing perhaps a
little bit more duration on a baffling
like that there was also a profession
specific attribute as we can see up here
for example the warrior had strength so
this was unique to the warrior class and
basically by putting points into this
you got a little buff that would add
armor penetration on your attacks
depending on how many points you had in
there now the the guild wars 2 attribute
system works a little bit differently
attribute boost the overall
effectiveness of your arm character now
the distribution of attributes is
controlled by the traits and control by
traits and leveling up sorry the
addition of the trade system allows you
to customize your skills giving you a
school specific buffs we see this adding
a lot of diversification to the skills &
goo Wars 2 which is really cool wraps up
rap second myself looking forward to
help players at the high end do
customize these and things like that
yeah that interplay is going to be going
to be really interesting actually I'm
really keen to see that so anyway over
here we've got some attributes so
basically Inca wants to you've got this
attribute system broken down into
primary attributes and secondary
attributes so in terms of primary
attributes these are sort of basic sort
of structures of your character that's
like how much damage how much health
they're going to have and these are
going to level up as you level up so if
you go on the wiki you can notice here
that it says once you reach level 80 you
will have a total of nine hundred and
sixteen points in each of these
attributes so these attributes you're
going to see that they increase at a
similar rate to each other the only
difference actually comes in with the
trait system so as you invest points in
traits you're going to be able to
customize if your character has a little
bit more power a little bit more
toughness so you get a little bit of a
leeway that way similarly in cool yeah
so similarly in secondary attributes
these are attributes that go a little
bit deeper into the mechanics of the
character we've got things that increase
your critical strike multiplier I'm
going to increase the duration of your
sort of conditions and that sort of
thing these again are these will be
leveled up as you increase your traits
but they won't actually increase as you
level up your character alright cool so
we do have our one more type of
attribute in guild wars 2 these are
known as professional attributes now
professional attributes are unique to
each class so for example we've got
someone like that an eco matter who has
hunger and what this does is increases
the life force Paul or we've got a
ranger which has empathy which improves
ped abilities or sorry pet attributes so
yeah basically these things are going to
affect your class specific mechanic so
that's going to give you a little bit
more sort of recharge on your virtues or
a little bit more damage with them
whatever it is your class sort of
specializes in alright so over here
we've got a little bit of a sort of a
talent calculator over here for the
trait system and as you can see here
we've got the necromancer loaded up each
class has five different trade lines and
these within these straight lines you
can spend points as we do just here and
as you can see when we add a point
is going to give us a bonus to two
attributes so each trait line is going
to give you two separate attributes so
for example cursors here is going to
give us an upgrade to our precision and
upgrade to our malice which increases
condition damage so that's like a
primary and a secondary now just to
clarify each time you do level up you
get a trait point so you'll get a total
of seventy at the end of the game now on
top of buffing your attributes whenever
you spend five points in a trait line
you get you get a trait which is a skill
specific buff on at points 5 15 and 25
in a trade line you'll receive a set
trait known as a minor trade I say set
trait because you basically can't choose
these is already set out for you now at
points 10 20 and 30 you receive a trait
of your choice no one has a major trait
you can actually choose these so there
will be a list you get to choose one of
these now again we'll have a link in the
description so you can see all of this
information on the the gw2 wiki yeah so
like we said earlier the great thing
about this trait system is it's going to
be able to customize the way a skill
performs so this is going to give us a
large diversity to sort of character
you're going to see this is sort of you
know encompassing to Gil was one where
you had a large pool of skills there's
actually a little bit of the less skills
in this game but then on top of that
we've got these traits which are going
to allow us to diversify those skills so
it is pretty cool yeah cool so basically
when we marry these two things together
the potential for customization becomes
nearly me list so we're really
interested in seeing that alright guys
thanks for listening to this quick video
if you can please are like subscribe
comment on our video if you want to we
really appreciate any feedback you can
give us so yeah yeah so um yeah that's
all from us we'll see you next time stay
tuned
you